Wei, I'm going to the toilet
Mr. Ye, Mr. Wu is here, please come with me
Oh, I don't want to write, don't write, okay?
Let's go
What's wrong, Wu Shao?
Is there anything on your mind recently?
Wu Shao
With our relationship
If you have any difficulties, just ask.
As long as I can
I will not return this.
Since Ye Shaozi said so
I'm not afraid of your jokes
I only know now that I had a successful person before
Eat downstairs next door
He offered a drink before
I still have embarrassing photos in my hand
And this kind of thing
You find someone else.
Go to the police next door
Teach him a good lesson
Let them know it's a good move
Ask them to hand over the photo to me obediently
Go be a good teacher
Don't worry.
My little brother
Very powerful
I will definitely drop the chain for you.
brother